consider your digital mom in here coming
to you with an announcement a new master
class a new master class that's going to
happen in August we just finished the
series of master class in July and we
talked about Theory phrasing and
blending the music theory with your
actual phrasing August is going to be a
little bit different we're not going to
talk about guitar much we're going to
talk about music business and I've been
asked a lot this question how can you
make money online how do you monetize
your musical ideas and how can I make a
living as an aspiring musician youtube
is the answer and we're going to focus a
lot on social media and most importantly
YouTube YouTube has been the way for me
to make money now full time with my
music and there's some tricks some tips
you can find some of these online for
free but if you come to the master class
we're going to go really in depth and
I'm going to try to give you guys a plan
to grow your own YouTube channel and
have focus and know exactly where you
want to go and why you want to do it so
if you're interested in all these things
I hope to see you in August tickets are
twenty dollars they're available on my
website guitar playback com the class
will be about two hours so it's about
ten dollars an hour and I hope to see
you if you're serious about your YouTube
and you started a YouTube channel
already and you just want to grow it and
you're trying but you're not sure what's
wrong this class is going to be for you
because I will take a look at your
YouTube channels I will give you some
tips and I will tell you what to do to
grow it and get a real plan don't think
that this is going to be a magic formula
and that your your channel is going to
become huge right away it's going to
require some work but the work can be
done I promise it can be two years ago
my channel was nothing and now I have a
lot more so all that with some of the
tips that I acquired on the way that I
learn so I want to save you the headache
of finding these these things out by
yourself and I'm just
help you that's my goal the class will
be recorded and your ticket will give
you access to the recorded stream of the
class so if you miss it that's ok you
can still get your tickets this is going
to allow you to view the class after I
hope to see you then thanks for watching
I'll see you next time until then
you